everybody welcome to a very special and
very early episode of after impact I'm
your host Tom bill you and I am here
with the amazing Agent Smith mister you
got some love yes mr. bill you what does
that do are you doing I'm doing good I
am literally shocked at how not tired I
am I am impressed you're really hanging
in there thank you man
I mean it's badass that you can just do
this non-stop what hour are we in 2020 I
think yeah 20 an hour oh wow so we're
we're about to hit 21 hours in that's so
we're in championship rounds now that's
really I wouldn't home and went to sleep
so rightly so I rested up I try to come
here so I can bring some energy to
afternoon Batman look like you got a
team everyone's here I mean they're
hanging in there it's I can tell people
are tired but they're still doing it
this is amazing and there's something
magical that happens it's dark people
are tired they've come together as a
team everybody's pulled their weight
everybody's killed it had a good time so
there's like I don't know like this
these are those like College bonding
moments that we've managed to recreate
so this is really really neat it's been
an awesome experience sunrise together
we are that will be new and special yes
actually I think we did it on the launch
date but it was a smaller team very very
true statement
after impact thank you for joining us
this is the show or Tom and I go deep
into the episode impact Theory this
week's episode was with Eric Barker the
author best-selling author author of
barking up the wrong tree the surprising
science behind why everything you know
about success is mostly wrong and that
title really captured your attention
halfway through the book you told
Christopher we have to have this guy on
the show
yeah and before you'd finished reading
he was booked yeah which by the way Matt
loved Christopher on that one that kid
does not play around so yeah this was
one of those books that it was like an
audible recommends you know oh if you
like that you may also like this which
is one of the ways that I actually find
a lot of the books is I'll start with
one and then just like follow that trail
add them
my wish list or whatever and yeah that
title just really grabbed me and here's
why I like it so I don't want to read
things that just confirm my belief
system right so I'm a big believer that
your skill set your belief system it's
taking you as far as it's gonna take you
already and so you've got to like make
changes you've got a push you've got to
be looking for fresh ideas new ways to
think about something and so when I see
things like that everything you know
about success is mostly wrong well [__]
like I'm a guy out there talking about
success all day so if this guy can
really give me a fresh insight
supercharge me supercharge the ideas
then I'm all for it and like you said
halfway through the book I was just like
Jesus like in sight after insight after
insight and already in this 24 hour I've
quoted the book like three times I mean
it's just it's one of those that he
really has some super useable insights
he does indeed and so if people don't
know who Eric Barker is he's the author
of that book barking up the wrong tree
which is also the name of his blog which
he's been doing for several years I
think he's written thousands of articles
he has three hundred thousand
subscribers to his blog and it gets
syndicated to Time magazine some of the
biggest publications Business Insider
he's written for The New York Times
written for Wired so he is he's very
well-known and well-respected so I agree
with you that it seems like he's just
churning out amazing insights and that's
what the episode felt like it was inside
after insight there was not only sort of
paradigm-shifting but also actionable
right and so almost it was one of those
episodes and there's been a few I think
Jay salmon is another one where I'm
preparing for after impact I'm like
there's nothing to do it's like all you
need to do is listen to the episode and
then apply those to your life and it
will be better yeah buddies we can't
stop there we have to go we got to go
Deaver babies after gotta earn earn it
we got to unpack the impact of this
episode so I want to start we've gotta
unpacked the impact
dr. huh that's that's a hashtag right
there yeah that's what happens if you go
home and sleep ladies and gentlemen you
come up with these nuggets of gold
that's right my man so in the beginning
of the episode he says one of the most
dangerous things and the most dangerous
to your health is feeling powerless in
your job so I want to ask you have you
ever had moments of feeling powerless in
your career that's my first question
that I have a follow-up yeah so very
much so and this is this is one of those
insights that this company is structured
around so the reason that I believe in
doing a unlimited vacation policy is
because I want you guys to be able to
decide when you take the time off and I
want people to know I'm not asking for
permission to take the time off I'm
communicating so that we can coordinate
right and I really want people to feel
that and when there's peer pressure
among everybody like to make sure that
we're all upholding our end of the
bargain then like you not to worry right
and some people are gonna take the piss
every now and then whatever but if if
like each of us are like holding each
other accountable then amazing things
are gonna happen but I know that one of
the five primary motivators that people
have is autonomy like you you really
need to feel like there's a certain
level of control over your own life that
you have and I mean this is before this
insight which then was even more
terrifying to realize literally it makes
you more likely to die which is is crazy
but when I read it I thought I get that
like that feeling sucks to a degree that
is hard to really explain so yeah I
think a yes I have felt that B I think
it is so critical for executives and
companies to create an environment where
people don't feel like that and
especially when you have the luxury of
being small there's just no excuse for
it yeah and what do you think the best
way to do that is to empower people who
are feeling that way um one a to empower
somebody who already feels powerless
well now you're asking hard [__]
questions all right so my night
mayor scenario is you have to undo
something so honestly like you want to
try to not get in that position but the
good news is that I have experience on
what not to do so here's what not to do
to try to lay blanket policies that
actively give people freedom because
when they feel disempowered giving them
freedom does not empower them so they
already believe that there's a problem
with the system so giving them that
power just makes them go well this is
another dumb attempt and there's no like
buy-in it isn't something that that can
just be like bolted on to the situation
yeah and like people don't know what to
do with it
so if they have felt disempowered
micromanaged or feel that there's like
you know I'm gonna get in trouble for
something and then you give them freedom
they're just like waiting for the other
shoe to drop
right so that was really that was a sad
experiment that I ran at Qwest where it
was like unfortunately in all of the
transitions and all of the rapid growth
there were certainly pockets where it
just hasn't clicked people weren't they
didn't feel that freedom they didn't
have the sense of autonomy and so I
tried this experiment second time this
come up today I tried the experiment of
20% time like they do at Google so
Fridays it's yours make sure it's a
project that can obviously be
advantageous to the company but like
whatever you're feeling that secret
project that you were never able to to
get somebody to approve but then it's
like well how do you hold them
accountable cuz you have to hold them
accountable there has to be metrics and
things so then it was like well you're
telling me I can do whatever I want but
you're still holding me accountable
because we didn't have that baked in
peer pressure of like everybody already
feels the autonomy everybody feels the
buy-in and all of that stuff so now they
really want to make sure that we're
doing something together as a team and
so trying to bolt that on just wasn't
effective yeah yeah that's super and I
love the idea of 20% time in theory
because I've read about it in other
books I so want it to work in practice
but maybe maybe in another context
that is certainly the hope so really I
think the answer is start from scratch
right you've got to be able to give
people that autonomy right from the jump
and if you're giving them that autonomy
if the company structured around that if
the company culture echoes that then it
really does get baked in then the only
thing at least at that point that you're
fighting against is where did they come
from before that right they come from a
place where they've ever experienced
that before do they know what to do with
it and are you able to get through the
growth phase where they're adapting to
that they're really sort of flexing
their muscles where first like they're
so not used to that that you see the old
behaviors you know the asking for
permission instead of just the
coordination and then will they respond
by really busting ass and getting their
work done and and that's the heart like
as the leadership that's our part what
if they're not busting their ass what if
they really don't know what to do like
they've finally been given that freedom
but they don't know how to manage it
yeah so and how do you hold them
accountable without making them feel
like oh this was all just for show
and and that's really tricky and that's
why I think it has to be a group event
every way because if it's coming from me
if I'm like you're not living up to your
standards people like well [__] you no
of course the boss coming in and saying
[__] like that but when everybody is
saying like wait a second we have profit
participation we have ownership like
[__] come on like and and not that
like I wouldn't want it to be like that
it would how can I help you like how do
we get this done and like everybody else
is crushing it so much that you just
feel like you feel that pressure people
are sensitive they know yeah definitely
despite there being so many amazing
studies and insights that Eric Parker
brings up in this episode there was one
that I just couldn't quite wrap my head
around and I wanted to talk to you about
it and that is the his idea of givers
takers and matchers now in theory I
think that makes total sense but
applying the tit-for-tat scenario to
everything right I think may not work
and so I know there was a scenario here
we experienced in our company where we
had a moment where
could have gone down the tit-for-tat
path and it sounded like a good idea but
it just felt like practice it just was
like this is not the time to do it and
so instead of instead of applying that I
sort of just stayed back waited to see
what happened like people were taking
right they were taking from us and I let
them take some more and it over time
blossomed into a very what we think is
going to be a very good relationship
resting and so we found compromise so I
wanted to I wanted to get your thoughts
on that do you think that that works in
every contact I don't think anything
works all the time and I know exactly
what you're talking about and I was
fully prepared to employ a tit-for-tat
strategy on that one and I think that
what you need to do is understand what's
the level of injustice I'm willing to
take before you walk into that
negotiation and my thing was they'd
really taken the piss and you and I had
different levels of injustice that we
were prepared to deal with and they they
had reached my threshold of like dude we
tried you've got to admit like we've
[__] gave him rope this was not like
oh it was some like little thing like
they kept doing it making promises
breaking promises and so I'm super glad
that we went with your vibe and your
read because I really do think now that
it's gonna pay out and it wouldn't have
if we had slapped the wrist at that
point and so that's where like having a
team of really sharp people that have
fine-tuned their intuition and knowing
when to listen right yeah so there's
gonna be times where you just have to
deal with a little more injustice right
and then you're able to get something
out of it and so you were thinking long
term I think that's always the right
answer like what could this become you
had a good read on it you trusted your
gut and you went with it at the same
time if you're always doing that you're
always giving in then I really do think
you become the nice guy that finishes
lassen and that is very much speaking
from experience yeah and I think to that
one of the benefits of real-world
scenarios is that you can communicate
and in this computer simulation it
writes just sort of action and reaction
yeah and that's the nice thing is like
you can talk things through you can go
you can find compromises find common
ground but do you think our team is made
up what is the makeup in terms of givers
takers mattress on our team let's really
think about that I kind of have a sense
of what our team is made up of but I'm
interested to hear your thoughts our
team is we should probably define what
those are too for people who haven't
seen the episode alright so a giver is
somebody that think of a mom somebody
that just gives and gives and gives
really without thinking about what their
needs are making sure that their needs
are met a matcher is somebody that goes
okay like roughly like this is fair
you've given this much I'm gonna give
that much we're gonna kind of balance
out like I like fairness and justice and
all of that and a taker is somebody who
takes what they can [__] get and if
if they come across a giver thank you
and they just take take take yeah
usually it's not sort of as overt and
gross as that they're there
unfortunately more subtle than that so
you can't necessarily see them coming a
mile off but that's to really make it
binary and I think we've all encountered
people like that no question place no
question I'll say that were 70 percent
matchers 30 percent givers yeah I don't
think we have a single [__] taker
like a taker here would get eaten alive
yeah like you you've walked into the
wrong company my friend I think that's
right on that's how I was thinking about
it as well there are no takers just
givers and matress and I think a lot of
people are very much in tune with what's
right what's just like how let's help
each other out I think right a big part
of our team all right one of the things
that Eric Barker talks about is he talks
a lot about self narrative and this I
found really surprising so everyone
talks about self narrative in this space
and how important it is and how
important it is to have a positive self
narrative and but the stat that he cited
about the Navy implementing
this into their training for bud school
and that they had an 80% increase and we
said dad hi I don't think it was that
high I thought he said 80%
it was like it was either 12 or 22 I
think it was significant without being
maybe of maybe it wasn't like a crazy
number of it I remember thinking
significant but still that's impressive
and I've never heard data put behind him
so that just astounded me he talks about
how you need to start changing your
narrative in order to start changing
behavior but then there's also the
theory of changing your behavior to
change your narrative so do you change
your narrative first your behavior first
or both
I really really believe that identity
drives behavior so you can back into it
from changing your behavior but I think
that is way more difficult so
definitively
if somebody were asking my advice I
would say start with narrative start
with the story you tell yourself about
yourself that's easier to change first
of all and then it will echo in your
desire to be consistent it will echo
through your behavior okay are we taking
in the the spirit of the 24 hours you
have we do in live questions what do you
think break break our normal format
let's do it we usually do on after
impact anyways yeah I guess because I'm
not normally the one reading them it
feels so foreign
so in fact I look on this screen yeah is
this one that's the one all right Cory
Reid wants to know how do you shape and
define your core beliefs Wow talk about
right on the money with what we were
just talking about so really identifying
what you like where do you want to go
where do you want to get to what kind of
person do you want to be what are the
qualities and characteristics that make
that up so like with things like do you
want to be a match or a taker or a giver
and then when you identify like what are
the what is that value system that you
want to build do you want to
be a protector of people do you want to
be somebody who creates other leaders
like all those things that and it is it
is a very big universe of menu items to
pull from and I think people pull them
over time
so my core belief system the twenty five
bullet points was really about being
effective so if I know that at a high
level like what I want is to set a goal
and to be effective at achieving that
goal what do I have to do to my mind in
order to be able to do that so that was
where I started that was like my
absolute highest value was efficiency
like I want to be efficient at getting
to these goals now that I have to be
careful about what I set a goal on
because I'm I said an ugly goal I'm
gonna be deadly efficient in getting to
that ugly goal right and I lost years of
my life doing that right so using the
same process because none of the not
none much of the belief system has been
in place far longer than the the switch
from chasing money to putting a mission
at the core and something of adding
value and all of that so let's say half
are even two-thirds of that belief
system was the same when in fact I
learned it while grinding for money so
you have to be very careful about what
your top-line goal is but that that
decision to be efficient at executing
against a goal was a choice right that
was my decision now because what I
believe is the meaning of life like once
you understand my definition of the
meaning of life you understand why my
belief system is what my belief system
is so my I believe the meaning of life
is to acquire as many skills as you can
to have utility put that utility to
service in put that utility to use in
the service of something bigger than you
so that's that notion of being of
service doing something bigger but
really like seeing how much you can
wring how much of your potential you can
wring out of yourself is why the twenty
five bullet points are what they are
they're around mindset they're around
expanding your belief system around
acquiring skillset around not limiting
yourself but if somebody chose something
different at the top level then I think
they're knock on belief system would be
different got it
that's great just a reminder this is
after impact we were discussing Eric
Barker the latest episode of impact
theory this is the show where Tom and I
go deep into the episode of impact
Theory unpack it in all its glory
unpack that impact unpack the impact
speaking of glory he has a really
interesting notion about leaders and
narcissists versus junkies and I just
want to go into it because I think it's
fascinating so he said that narcissists
make great leaders initially but a long
time over the long haul if the company
is not doing well they don't make great
leaders because one of the things he
says is that they're usually in it for
the glory whereas you want someone who's
a junkie that's the term uses which is
essentially someone the way I think he's
thinking about it who is just obsessive
about their craft about what they're
trying to build and they just do that
and that's what that's where they find
fulfilment and they'll pursue it until
the end I loved his account what did he
say if you want a successful
entrepreneur find a junkie and if first
of all what it but that actually really
makes sense right so all the same
obsessive thoughts and patterns and
addictive elements their personality if
you can point that as something
empowering building a business whatever
whatever skill set it is you're trying
to get if you can put that same
obsession into it then you really can do
something pretty extraordinary
now narcissists narcissists are a
fascinating breed because in the
beginning they're so alive and they so
Sparkle and they're so charismatic
they've spent so much time polishing
their persona polishing their
presentation of who they are that they
they really draw people to them now
what's interesting they may enamor you
for a period of time in the beginning
they when they put their spotlight on
you you feel incredibly special and then
you realize they're doing it so that
you'll come and worship right and that
you'll come and pay them all that
attention that they so crave and then
that that really narcissistic like
sucking void of a human as they drop you
in deeper is not fun yeah and it you
begin to realize oh I'm alone in this
relationship and that that really is a
bummer especially because when they
capture your imagination in the
beginning you think well like this is so
cool like this person is really
intriguing like I'm really drawn in and
then you find them staring in the river
at their own reflection and it's like
yeah that that's there's been some
disappointment in my life with that is
there a way to spot that let's say
you're going to work for a new company
or even in a manager is there ways about
that if there is I'm not yet good at it
my my wife will my wife has certainly
historically been better at identifying
that and people before I do so ask Lisa
that's my current strategy yeah and I
don't know why I I the times that I've
encountered that that I didn't see it
coming until I like encountered it like
was way deep in the relationship and I
don't know that says something about me
and I'm not entirely sure what I see
what I want to see I'm not I'm not sure
that's worth unpacking yeah so cool all
right I believe we're gonna do a
giveaway at some point so I just want to
mention that I'm not sure what I did I
think we're giving away the book Erik
Barker's book barking up the wrong tree
which is very reasonable I haven't read
it yet really no wow you're really gonna
like it I'm excited yeah you're kind of
dude signed copy nice so even better
six-month audible hand inaudible
subscription well this is a big giveaway
alright get excited folks it's 6:00 in
the morning
Pacific Coast time yes let's talk about
whoop yeah wish outcome obstacle plan
this is another one of those things
where he just breaks it down so clearly
and this is the way you got into it in
the episode was you asked
and how do people find their passions or
no sorry it started with the
conversation around there are certain
things you should quit in life yeah
greater quit yeah and he said you can't
you can't just do everything you have to
quit some things in order to focus your
energy on the things that matter and how
do you find the things that matter and
the things that you should quit and he
gave this this thing called woop which
is wish outcome obstacle plan and that
is what is your wish what do you most
desire what is the outcome what does
that look like specifically what are the
obstacles in the way from you reaching
it and then what is the plan for you
getting there which I thought was great
it's an awesome breakdown I feel like
you could just easily chart that out
somewhere and have a plan at least a
rudimentary one to get started on how do
you understand though the difference
this is what I was trying to figure out
the difference between wish and outcome
yeah so to be fair like I think these
are a little closer than I would want
them to be but it goes like this so wish
is I want to be rich and famous the
outcome is I want to do it as a
investment banker and so what's the
obstacle I don't know anything about
finance so what's the plan oh I'm gonna
have to go learn finance either in
college or by reading a lot of books so
that's that's how they break it down and
then what he's actually quoting somebody
else's somebody else's study and I keep
like attributing it to him and I feel
really bad for whoever actually came up
with this because he introduced me to it
I guess he deserves some credit for that
and he talks about how you want to read
your emotion on how you feel when you go
through that process so as you move from
wish into outcome and get very specific
about what it is you want to do and then
into obstacle and think about okay
what's really gonna be hard about this
and then plan and really think about how
am I going to do that how much time is
it gonna take what am I gonna have to do
what am I gonna be immersed in and if as
you do that you're like oh god then
that's something that you should quit if
you're like I can do this like this is
actually gonna be a lot of fun then
that's something that you should have
the grit and stick it
and I actually really like that because
this is one of those where I never
really wanted to talk about like like
sometimes you have to quit but how do
you decide like you just need to figure
that out like I never had a good answer
for that yeah and so these feel like
it's at least a path right and you'll
get an emotional reaction which
guaranteed everybody you're gonna get an
emotional reaction so actually I really
like it even though I may have a little
beef with the letters the concept is
super strong can you do a quick loop on
building impact theory yeah
so what's the wish I want to pull people
out of the matrix what's the outcome I
need to build a studio
what's the obstacle that's gonna be a
very long process of getting incredibly
good at creative finding a way to
maintain control of the the IP the
rights to the IP so that you can
merchandise and monetize that and what's
the plan we're going to start on social
media we're going to build out an
audience because the audience is going
to be the thing that allows us to go to
the studios with some power because we
can build something around a comic book
which is serialized which allows
multi-touch for the audience for them to
fall in love with the characters engage
in a world then you go when you go to
sell to somebody that has distribution
might which we don't yet but need that
as a part of the long-term strategy of
the building the studio how do I
maintain even twenty or thirty percent
of the merchandising rights you're gonna
have to have an army of people that are
going to show up to that on day one
whether that's on Netflix whether that's
in the movie theaters you need to sell
them on that I've got five hundred
thousand people they're rabid the raving
about this they will talk about it look
how active they are we do a 24 hour live
people show up they're rocking with us
the goddess to 100k in record time like
you're you're showing that you've got
this community who you've brought value
to their life and they really want to
support you so that's the woop loved it
thank you welcome so speaking of
building the next Disney he Eric Parker
cites a study that
in looking at happiness in people's
lives they found that relationships are
the things that are most connected with
meaning in life and happiness and this
really struck me because my theory is
that you know life is can't be live to
its fullest without interacting with
others and without having relationships
and so I can't human connection is
really important to me which is weird
because I'm an introvert but it's that's
the only way I think you can truly find
joy so I want to ask you how important
our relationships to your happiness you
personally and then how do you make them
a priority when trying to build the next
Disney I'm so interested by this
question and I'm not sure what's really
put this on my mind lately maybe part of
it is feeling like I'm living through
one of the most beautiful times in my
life and that I have the the wherewithal
to recognize it while it's happening
which is very exciting I don't know
maybe it's something entirely different
but it's really been on my mind lately
friendships and how many friendships
I've sacrificed to get where I'm at and
that my life has collapsed down to my
wife and you know both of us used to
have vibrant friendships and slowly but
surely everything became about business
and then when you move your business and
you spin something out and you start
something and all of a sudden Wow it's
literally just the two of you and so
there's no longer the like false
pretense of will you share proximity to
people that all gathered around the
business because you were friends but
now it's it's really just the business
and so how do you and and does it matter
to reconnect and build those friendships
when any time that I go spend time with
friends is time away from my wife which
is you know always hard to justify
spending that time away and so yeah it's
I don't know it I'm intrigued it's
something I'm spending a lot of time
thinking about now and
and part of it you know part of what put
it on my radar is Christopher he's got
such uh he's always like oh I'm going
out with my friend oh they just invited
me to like a safari in Africa
look what like there's always oh yeah
I'm gonna be in Germany at that point
like we're going duck hunting is what is
happening like he has all these like
super diverse friends with all these
different interests that seem to tap
into like a different part of his life
and he's had these friends for decades
and so that is one thing that I'd be
lying if I said that I'm warned I don't
have any sense of loss over the friends
that I've lost along the way maybe I'm
just not wired like that I'm I'm enough
in love with what I'm trying to build or
I'm excited by it and certainly having
my wife I don't know but it's really
really piqued my interest
okay so I'll have to get back to you
with like what the final conclusion is
but I think there is something to it and
having my happiest times are when my
family's around okay and so that's also
part of the intrigue yeah and I think
it's also like how you're defining
relationships in your life I mean some
people are going to have wide friend
networks and then some people are just
gonna have one or two people and that
may be a significant other it may be a
sibling they may be a parent that
they're very very close with but if but
they can just still draw happiness from
that hmm all right
happiness achievement significance
legacy these are four things that he
talks about that I think these are like
the four buckets that you have to put
deposits in he says in order to find
fulfillment in your life how would you
rank those in order of importance for
you personally alright give them to me
again happiness happiness achievement
significance and legacy
I don't think about legacy in the
slightest so you can literally I put
Zippo in that I think when you die you
die it is like a light switch going off
there is nothing left I won't have any
idea what my legacy is so the only thing
that I'm interested in is is right now
am i excited by what I'm doing do I
believe in it do I think that it's a
reflection of the person that
want to be so and I think he actually
defines legacy a little bit differently
than I'm sort of alluding to here which
is what's gonna outlive me but that's
such the traditional way to define it
I'll leave it as that happiness
significance and achievement achievement
so if I'm honest I'm smart enough to
know that at the end of the day if
you'll if you'll let me use the word
fulfillment that fulfillment is the top
it has to be but I want achievement to
be the top and it is only through the
school of hard knocks that I've realized
the place fulfillment above the top is
it just the only thing that makes sense
but my every impulse is to pursue
achievement which to me is the
expression of potential I love that I
love that chase I love trying so that
getting is far less important to me than
the willingness to to sincerely go all
out to acquire that skill or that
accomplishment or whatever but yeah so
I'll say that fulfillment and I know I'm
changing the word and being a little
cheeky achievement and then this is this
is my fatigue I just can't hold these
three [__] things in my head what is
the third one happiness happiness no no
change that so that what's the third one
so that was fulfillment is happiness
oh that's I thought you were saying
significance is happiness No so then
significance is after that so
fulfillment instead of happiness and
then achievement and then significance
awesome we have a giveaway question for
the audience and it's just an open one
which shows you regularly record this is
not a trivia question like what is the
answer which shows that you regularly
record on Facebook live I'm assuming
that means watch why previous lives
after the fact could that be fatigue as
well do you regularly watch on Facebook
live like that this is just a market
research question it's not a trivia
question can you record it on Facebook
not really right oh do we record which
shows we got artists alive
it is a trivia question I lied and you
got sleep yeah I need a lot of sleep
folks which ones do we regularly record
on Facebook live on a weekly basis there
in the comments and you can win Eric
Parker is signed book which is somewhere
around here right over here get it there
it is barking up the wrong tree great
book and very good read can we confirm
judges six-month audible subscribe we
can it's right here
yes that's big time right there that's
June ology legit yeah all right and I
think we have a question the red light
went off no Elvis just live just for the
giveaway how much more time do we have
on after impact a that happened really
fast did super surprised by that
intensifiers
that's an interesting concept as well
you guys start talking about strengths
versus weaknesses should you double down
on your strengths versus focusing on
your weaknesses and he says the research
shows it's more about context
so taking those things that are your
signature strengths that you're already
good at and putting them in the right
context and then also the things that
you're bad at finding a good context for
those things which is a really
fascinating idea to me again in theory
makes a lot of sense but how do you find
the proper context for your strengths
it's hard enough sometimes figuring out
what your strengths are yeah well okay
so that's a whole separate question so
if you'll let me set that aside so let's
say that you've identified your
strengths part of this is saying okay
what can i monetize in the the universe
of that I enjoy so if I enjoy so let's
take drama from young and reckless
loves the universe of skateboarding and
at first he's like I'm gonna go work at
a skateboard shop that's like a
minimum-wage job right but another way
to attack that universe of is clothing
for skateboarders to wear so now you get
to be around those kinds of people you
can do marketing using skateboard
imagery so all
the things and he was really he was a
videographer for skateboarders escape
order himself so that like it's just a
world that makes sense to him but those
were literally two things that he
seriously thought he was gonna do he was
actually about to take a job in a
skateboard shop in the valley when his
cousin asked him to be his personal
assistant as cousin being rob dyrdek
yeah and that lands him on robbing big
and then Fantasy Factory and then during
Fantasy Factory he creates young and
reckless so that's like that Universal
there's there's a lot of different ways
to say okay I have a strength in this I
like doing this I like filming
skateboarders I'm good at it I'm good at
skating I understand them so what are
the different ways that that can play
out so it's really I really want people
to think about that for a second like
how dramatically different they are but
they're both universe of that he wanted
to be in so really think about what are
the different ways that I can monetize
so for example I every time I encounter
imagery just imagery from movies comic
books whatever when I go to a Comic Con
I just want to be there I want to be
around people like that I want to be
around the imagery the drawings the like
cool like powerful [__] like I just want
to be around it and so universe of like
what's a way that I can engage with that
and that's why when I saw the
opportunity for the mission to line up
so one thing for Pete I need people to
understand like when I was at Quest I
was fully engaged in the mission right
and I was thinking okay this is awesome
like we're gonna be able to really help
people better their bodies better their
minds and metabolic disease as a
function of helping get their mind in
the right place and I was think I was so
passionate about manufacturing because
we were touching so many lives we were
creating so many jobs in the inner
cities and really creating opportunity
for a lot of those people that had
really touched my life and made me want
to you know pull people out of the
matrix and so it wasn't for me
internally it didn't feel like the big
switch that from the outside it looked
like right because I start calling it
something different and it was also
returning to filmmaking so it was seeing
that those things could align
my desire to really help people in a
meaningful way mentally and now you're
gonna see that impact theory is gonna
really start making a play back into the
the world of health so I think it's it's
just so all inextricably tied so when
you find something that you really love
matches up with something that you can
monetize that's that's really the juice
and so and then on top of that you
really want to talk about putting your
strengths to use I saw that what was
happening with social media allowed me
to use my verbal skills and so that
that's the oldest skill set that I've
been developing is verbal yeah no that's
great and I think that that's an
important distinction it's like not only
does it need to be the right context but
it needs to be a context that you're
passionate about and that actually makes
you happy so you're not thrusting
yourself into a situation where yes it's
good for my strengths this is
intensifying what I'm already good or
bad at and it's the right context for it
but I'm not happy right that would be
horrible and is all too often what
people do because they take the first
thing that pays the rent which there's
so much heartbreak in that for me
definitely I just want to open it up to
the Facebook live audience if you have
any questions I believe I have a couple
more in here and I will say while you're
looking for that if this feed is adding
value to your life please do share it
that's how you guys have helped us get
to the hundred K and record time would
mean a lot if you went to that Facebook
share button right now click that out
sent it out especially if you let people
know that we're doing a 24 hour live
we've been doing this since 9:00 a.m.
non-stop yesterday so this is our way of
giving back a being of service of
showing you guys how much you mean to us
not just in words but in actual actions
and being here and rocking it out with
you guys for 24 at where's all right we
only have two minutes left so two
minutes left I do have one more question
but I also wanted to read a couple of
comments from YouTube because people are
really responding this episode I think
it's gonna blow up
this one's from Roberto he says I'm not
even finished with the video yet and I
already know this has changed my life
I can't wait to share can't wait to
share this clip and its content with
others hashtag trajectory
nice this one is from victus ordered the
book after watching 5 minutes nice great
Camargue says without a doubt makes the
top 3 impact Theory interviews eric is
authentic genuine intelligent and
inspiring the concepts about happiness
leading more often to success than vice
versa and how many so-called mysteries
are actually puzzles are powerful truths
you're always setting the bar higher and
higher that's actually something that I
wanted to ask about I loved I loved his
quote about a lot of the things we think
are big mysteries in life are actually
puzzles that have answers that whole
reframing was awesome
yeah just with seeing how you're diving
into health and nutrition with the
microbiome it's like that is a big
mystery that you didn't easily just go
yeah I don't know no one will ever
figure it out or it'll take centuries
until they figure it out but you're like
no this is a problem that you can
actually solve so what's the mindset
there how do you get yourself to start
thinking that way it's really
interesting and so I'm gonna give credit
to Jim Abrams the guy that directed
airplane the movie and he taught me the
same called mrs. Abbott skis law and he
was watching his neighbor's house caught
on fire and it was burning the fire
department showed up they couldn't get
the the water on the part where it was
actually burning so the house was just
like it was getting worse and worse and
mrs. Abbott ski comes outside and she's
like guys if you just go over and stand
on the porch you'll be able to hit it
and they were like oh Jesus you're right
and they went over stood on the porch
and they put the fire out and he said in
that moment he realized
don't ever assume that you can't do
somebody's job better than they can and
I thought that is so powerful and I had
taken Lisa to every doctor on the planet
thinking they know better and they've
spent so many years studying this in so
many years practicing this like it if
they don't understand it it's such a big
world and there's like wait a second
don't ever assume that you can't do
somebody's job better than they can and
I just I was so disappointed in myself
because I had promised her I was gonna
fix this problem and I was trying all
the easy solutions I was trying going to
the doctors I was trying to get other
people that were supposedly experts
all the rational solutions sure was you
go to first yeah but they weren't
working yeah and I was failing her and
when you don't make excuses at some
point you just have to own I'm not doing
enough and the answer is is always more
how do you get healthier do more how do
you get more muscles do more how do you
get leaner do more how do you solve this
problem
do more it's always more more more MORE
and when you're willing to push that and
do it like I think people imagine like
I'm just sitting like miserable
somewhere like forcing myself to do a
bunch of [__] I don't want to do I
[__] love this I love researching it
and learning it and it's about getting
that frame of like I'm gonna solve my
wife's problem I'm gonna be her hero I'm
gonna do incredible I'm gonna know more
about this than doctors like you can get
really amped up about that stuff and so
I actually have a hard time stopping
myself reading cuz in the morning I
guess so caught up in these [__]
books and how much I'm learning and how
intriguing it is so the key is to find a
way to leverage something that you love
doing in order to get yourself over the
hump the boredom and all of that to push
through awesome I love it
I think I've got a lot of flashing that
red light flashing so have a winner
winner winner sure Mellisa liqueur
Mellisa liqueur congratulations well
done give some knowledge dropped on so
much knowledge six months of audible
that's awesome cool and is amazing all
right guys thank you so much for joining
us for this very special episode during
our 24 hour live of after impact with
Eric Barker was amazing a big shout out
to our boy Agent Smith here for rolling
out with some fresh energy and just
making magic happen this was awesome I
hope that you guys enjoyed it if you
haven't already be sure to subscribe and
until next time my friends be legendary
take care
you